netbooks yeah
listen them up that could music yo
listen I've got some friends are so
selfish never mind me a drain that peeve
on the track like the underground train
you driving to the boss to say getting
your lame respect to them on who dying
touch the occitane came from everywhere
I wish the rain none had names like that
some wrong man are still in the hood
we're playing close with no name getting
close police circle the block for
cocaine records guests head then I break
from latnok
hustle every penny then I save a lot
richer you represent hard but to me you
ain't a fret a red school every so I'm
trying to be the best about this seven
letter word
it's a thing called respect the lots of
black people show no love for the man
they said that Mark Duggan was gonna
pull out is tech over 411 it's the year
because we get 21 floors free blocks on
the ship you need two distinct Eman
you can't include a hood as a fucking
recruit I'm the chief you're just a
spoof suicide the boys from the batch in
you leave your nigga streets hat that's
why your girlfriend's a news
he gets too tight that's why your baby
mother Zeus let me tell you little shit
all the other messed up youth age 12 you
got a ship like a fuck talk to you
started getting money foods foods like
chocolate mousse until he started
smoking we like the rosters dude or the
kids in the hood that the fuck taught
you get the spit snaps you can never
fucked up you I'm a real-life speaking
the truth shit for do planning school
slap duck goose do I need the little
spaces like give me a room
you're my flows trackside it's like give
me a spoon but clean my mind is like
give me a broom Lou laughing the ship
over no cartoon
I said no cartoon but me moving
nocturnal like I was ever cool they
loved that music but when I call me a
coon
what's with the racism for I'm on that
Buster bands hit baby give me some more
you're probably gonna laugh because I'm
from before my older court suggests
having guns galore every day I go
through the way of broken jaw definitely
that work man
we just warming up black box run the
next one yeah
deputy music shots everyone London
turned anything getting hot shot so
everyone in the studio right now
that's the Simon that's digging all the
time yo cool me the boss cuz I sell my
own boat if the money weights in will I
change that remote
imagine me summertime is changing the
course would you let me you know would
he let me feel provoked oldest touching
kids no disrespect to the Pope no
ambition no faith no belief no hope
three siblings no man she can't call
don't be surprised if a son sells yo
this is the ching block story
no guts no pain because no glory had to
do with myself no one did it for me no
sympathy pour me just never ghetto black
you children story of a young male he
feels he was raised poorly the time
officer slowly but don't weigh me life
begins when you fool here young gang
hard but i'll go harder junkies taking a
walk
cool it neva no stress on the case for
the Lena genre stick up for yourself
don't stick up with the Lama only God
knows who's gonna hate you why do things
change when you generate paper in this
life a lot of questions are not an
answer I'm guy named boy Nokia charger I
want the ends on smash I want it yo I
soon get the first on smash I'm coming
tell these other rappers to start
running though these gun clatters to
stop running
it's like telling rust us to stop
running I put one in they say put a
button it's time to pump it up like Joe
Budden imagine having a teef as your
cousin
and your mum's always cussing you hate
your dad's not loving I touched a Mac
I'm super bad like mclovin I'm just
living up my dreams left on the city
where the d-list hunter fiends idolize
bad boys liked her born beans now I'm
driving turbo but I don't see beans wake
up in the morning in egg toast and beans
and I will wrap up with this society and
queens deal when gaffur you know what
being supreme sitting on the stairs used
to be a little thing sitting on the
stairs used to be a little thing I
remember them times you got punched up
by him I remember them times that I
never used to being downloaded it
happened on my iPhone pings
shouts to vote shares the sparkle who
remembers JJ shot my niggas are called a
weapon on black boss was started in a
dark hole one fancy candy Tom bets in
the blast oh yeah yeah I'm rapping ball
Willie really lost though don't wanna be
sitting down writing bird I can also
catch me on the weekdays working hard at
Tesco when I'm moving corrupt like they
want a fro and this is their pity music
inhale what ice age or your brethren and
twos it don't abuse it
do I wanna record you let me prove it do
I want happiness yeah I need that though
the heat is on their estate full back
yard FP music black box you don't know
yeah
you